>> Bianca Gandolfo: So this is
a creative exercise where we're going to
create a clue game and
represent it as an object in array.
So let me tell you a little bit
about what is in a Clue game, so
that you can effectively
approach this problem.
So there are a few things.
And you don't need to do all of these, but
I'm just gonna give you sort of a rundown,
and you can choose whatever
you think is important.
It's more of a creative exercise.
And there's no one right way to do it.
So, obviously it's a board game, right.
So you have pieces and
a board, and stuff like that.
So if you really wanna represent
the visual aspect of the Clue game.
You can think about the different
pieces that there are.
So there's pieces for the characters.
There are different cards for the two,
so there's different characters.
There are weapons and
there are rooms in this game.
And there is a card that looks
like this is called confidential.
Inside of this card
there are three things,
there's the murderer, there's the room,
and there's the weapon.
And so, no one see it until the very end.
The whole process of the game is to
figure out which cards are in this
envelope because everyone
else has all the other cards.
So you need to figure out who the other
cards, to figure out which cards
are missing to make a good guess as
to what is inside of this envelope.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
the data is characters, right?
And you can make up
character names if you want.
They usually correspond with different
colors, weapons, keep it, I don't know.
Actually do whatever you want.
And then rooms.
And this is kind of a old school game,
so the rooms are like the parlor and
the billiard.
>> Speaker 2: The conservatory.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
the conservatory, and the library.
And the weapons are like
the candlestick or a lead pipe.
Stuff like that.
So, that's your task.